[Music]
what is up YouTube it's your girl Evelyn
and I am back with the episode 7 recap
of the l word generation Q I will be
spoiling the entire episode so as always
proceed with caution
Tina Bette and Shane are having brunch
at Dana's but unfortunately this meeting
of the oh geez is one short
despite bets numerous apologies to Alice
for not telling her about the felicity
affair Alice is still peeved and is a
no-show
Shane confesses to the girls that she's
a little freaked out about an upcoming
doctor's appointment with Chiara to hear
their baby's heartbeat for the first
time this leads Bette and Tina down
memory lane and they reminisce about the
first time they heard Angie's heartbeat
during this sentimental moment that
reaches over and grabs Tina's hand and
while the gesture is sweet and clearly
inadvertent Tina is visibly
uncomfortable and they awkwardly let go
Tina then asked bet if they could have
dinner that evening just the two of them
that plays it cool but it's clear she's
excited and she even insists Tina come
to the house so she can prepare a lovely
dinner for them Tina's like sure
whatever then excuses herself to answer
a call from her yet to be seen whoo
thank Carrie not long after that meets
up with Danny for a little caffeine and
campaign strategy thanks to Intel from a
CBS insider danny is convinced that bets
opponent Geoff Milner will soon launch a
negative attack campaign against bet in
the aftermath of push Gate bet seems
unfazed by the news probably because
she's just a few hours away from making
sweet sweet love to her baby's mama
Danny wants to prepare a counter-attack
at just in case but that's like girl
chill been in a panty dampening display
of top energy Danny takes the initiative
and orders bets coffee for her and
although bet is still enthusiastically
anticipating Tina ball 20/20 miss Porter
eyes Danny like she's contemplating
renewing her PBU membership Bette is
putting the finishing touch
is on a homemade dinner for herself and
Tina while working on her pre sex buzz
and in my opinion there are a few things
more charming than Bette Porter in love
and I've missed seeing this side of her
as BB&T chat about Angie
Tina remarks that she's begun a house
hunting in LA so that she can spend more
time with Angie during the hiatus that
immediately tells Tina not to bother and
that she's welcome to stay at Chateau
Porter
Tina can see the gleam in Vettes eye and
quickly clarifies she tells bet that her
booth bank Kerry proposed last week and
Tina said yes Jennifer Beals then gives
us all a masterclass in acting as a
tortured Bette puts on a happy face
while trying her hardest not to break
down in front of Tina Tina then plunges
the knife in even deeper by suggesting
that that Tina and Kerri should all tell
Angelica the great news together Tina's
gone and Fett is in an emergency meeting
with PR beast Danny
turns out Danny was right and Millner
released a negative attack campaign
against vet Danny double downs on her
insistence that they counter with a
negative ad of their own but that
refuses saying I told you I have morals
and standards and if you think I'm gonna
let this homophobic [ __ ] take me down
with this [ __ ] you really don't know
me at all Danny then looks at Bette like
this and while bet pours her whiskey she
contemplates submitting her own
application to the PBU Alice begins the
episode in purple bliss as she NAT and
GG nailed down their morning routine the
threat will even have an adorable fight
about watching TV shows together at work
Alice's good mood soon turned sour as a
scheduled meeting with the network execs
doesn't quite go to plan Alice had hoped
to oust network infiltrator drew from
her show once and for all
but instead she learns that her show is
on the bubble due to low ratings and
might not be renewed the network bigwig
instructs her to work with Drew to
create some catchy viral content
after the meeting drew gives Alice a pep
talk of sorts she still doesn't
particularly like him but now that she's
out of options
she's willing to try things his way Gigi
and NAT are home alone and after putting
the kids to bed
they begin discussing old relationship
wounds but this time it doesn't evolve
into a fight they both readily admit to
regretting the breakup of their marriage
and the role each of them played in it
and not long after they start doing this
which inevitably leads to this palace is
back home and ready to vent to her lady
lovers about her crappy day she walks
into the bedroom and finds a GG and that
together they invite her into the fold
but something about the scene just
doesn't sit right with Alice leaving her
feeling some type away she tells GG and
not this isn't what she had in mind and
pieces out Alice shows up to Shane's
place for a good old-fashioned best
friend pick-me-up and is surprised and
annoyed to find Bette is also there
after some initial friction Allison bat
makeup and eventually hug it out
also props ashamed for giving Alice the
I told you so in the nicest way possible
a few days later Alice is meeting with
NAT and Gigi at a restaurant these
sister ex-wives apologize to Alice and
want her to know they've spent the last
several days together working through
their issues and they're in a good place
now and ready to resume the throuple
alice is like vinne slams a chair into
the table like the pedi queen beast and
Shane is at the doctor's office with
Chiara and they're about to hear their
baby's heartbeat for the first time I
have to say in the history of the l-word
I don't know if I've ever seen Shane
this freaked out about anything before
as they listened to the baby's heartbeat
Chiara is overcome with emotion and
tears fill her eyes Shane is overcome
with nothing
she emotionally fakes her way through
the rest of the appointment but later
while going over the books with Tess her
true feelings spill out she confesses to
tests that she didn't feel anything
while this
to her baby's heartbeat and she's afraid
because she doesn't know what she's
doing tests suggests she shared those
feelings with Chiara but Shane doesn't
see the point because her feelings are
nothing new
also shout out to our girl tests for
being three days sober and back in
meetings miss Chiara I woke up like this
Knowles is in the process of getting
stood up by Shane when some of the
restaurants patrons began recognizing
her she angrily stomps out only to be
met by an apologetic Shane Shane tells
cue that she didn't feel anything while
listening to the baby's heartbeat and it
terrified her instead of shaming Shane
for not feeling anything Chiara instead
praises her for being open and honest
and reassures Shane that however she
feels is perfectly fine Sofie is
lathering up in the shower while danny
is getting ready for work Sophie tries
to catch Danny's attention danny is
already in PR beast mode and barely
notices her after Danny leaves the
bathroom Finlay walks in and immediately
notices Sophie's a hot naked soapy body
Finlay gives Sophie the validation that
Danny failed to and Sophie finishes her
shower with a smile on her face it's
breakfast time and Danny's phone is
glued to her ear Sophie is serving
breakfast when she receives some
alarming news
her grandmother has fallen and is in the
hospital with a serious head injury
Sophie manages to keep it together and
when Danny offers to take her to the
hospital Sophie declines sighting
Danny's busy work schedule at the
hospital Sophie puts on a strong front
for her worried mother and sister but
the moment she steps outside of her
grandmother's hospital room she loses it
Finley's shows up with an arm full of
Funyuns and comforts Sophie
once again stepping into a role left
unfilled by Danny
Sophie's grandmother is in surgery and
Finley is keeping Sophie company in the
waiting room
Sophie's annoyed that Danny hasn't shown
up although Finley reminds her that she
told Danny not to come Sophie then
shares a memory of her grandmother that
moves her to tears
Finley asked Sophie if she liked to pray
which if you've been following Finley
storyline this season is a pretty big
deal for her the two bros then hold
hands and pray together
Danny's work day is finally done and
when she arrives home she finds Finley
rooting through her closet searching for
clothes for Sophie who's yet to leave
the hospital
Finley then calls Danny out for not
being there for Sophie and Danny comes
up with a list of excuses to which
Finley responds dude it's her grandma
even I knew to be there to which Danny
testily replies yeah you should be there
your life is nothing like mine our
circumstances are different yeah I'm not
her fiance after being dragged by Finley
Danny has finally arrived at the
hospital within seconds Danny's cell
phone goes off and not long after she
hightails it to Betts after Danny's
departure Finley cozies up to Sophie
getting that much closer to becoming
Danny's full-time replacement it's late
and Sophie is making Finley leave the
hospital and although family comes up
with every excuse Under the Sun to stay
Sophie is adamant Finley then tell
Sophie she loves her and Sophie tells
Finley the same thing but as Finley
walks away
Sophie grabs her hand and yeah the next
day Sophie is chatting with her sister
and confesses to kissing Finley she sure
it won't happen again and therefore
doesn't see the need to tell Danny
Sophie's sister it gives her a you sure
about that look and Sophie ends the
episode looking ambivalent to say the
least
Micha is back this week and his mother
Grace is in town for a visit mama G is
an avid consumer of marijuana
particularly in its edible form which I
only mentioned because the show
references her pot usage ad nauseam or
literally no reason that I could
ascertain mica introduces grace to Jose
and the three of them have lunch
together things start off well but
quickly become uncomfortable when grace
began sharing stories about Micah when
he was quote-unquote a little girl and
showing Jose Micah's baby pictures
Mika's snaps at her for doing what she
always does and flees the restaurant
Jose goes after him and reassures him
that he sees Myka for the man he is
later that evening
grace goes to Myka and apologizes
although Myka accepts the apology he
doesn't quite let her off the hook until
she promises to actively do better going
forward she also tells Myka that it's
obvious what he and Jose have is real
and she thinks Myka should tell Jose
that he loves him and that is all for
the recap thank you guys so much for
watching I am so looking forward to next
week's season finale and I have a little
surprise for you guys next video so make
sure you watch and be sure to subscribe
if you haven't already and I'll see you
guys next week